# Supply Chain Compliance


## Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)
A software bill of materials is a document that contains all the items required to build a particular piece of software. 


### CycloneDX
Produces a format for an SBOM

### Vulnerability Expolitable Exchange (VEX)
VEX contains information about how exploitable a particular vulnerability in the SBOM is. 


## SLSA
SLSA (Supply Chain Levels for Software Artifacts) is a framework and set of best practices developed by Google to enhance the security and integrity of software supply chains.

- SLSA Level 1 (Basic):
At Level 1, basic security practices are implemented, such as storing artifacts in a tamper-evident manner and providing encryption for transport. This level focuses on foundational security measures.
- SLSA Level 2 (Verified):
Level 2 adds verification of the software artifacts through reproducible builds. It ensures that software can be consistently built from source code, and the resulting binaries can be verified to match the expected outputs. This reduces the risk of supply chain attacks and tampering.
- SLSA Level 3 (Reproducible):
At Level 3, full end-to-end reproducibility is achieved, including the entire software build process and its dependencies. This level ensures that any user can verify and reproduce the build with the same results as the original provider.
- SLSA Level 4 (Strict):
Level 4 further increases security measures by ensuring that all artifacts are stored offline and cryptographically signed by multiple parties. The goal is to protect against advanced supply chain attacks and compromise of signing keys.

## NIST Secure Software Development Framework (SSDF)
The Secure Software Development Framework is a guide for how organization can securely manage their software development. https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/ssdf

### SSDF Practice
- Security reviews: A security review is conducted for all major features on the applications I work on
- Continuous code analysis / testing:  We continuously engage in automated or manual code analysis and testing for all supported re- leases, in order to identify or confirm the presence of previously undetected vulnerabilities
- Early security testing: Security tests are run early in the software development process, either by me or by another team 
- Effectively address threats: My organization has an effective method for addressing security threats
- Integrated with development team: Security roles are integrated into our software development team
- Documents requirements: Our org has processes in place to identify and document all security requirements for the software our organization develops or acquires (including third-party and open source)
- Regularly reviews requirements: Security requirements are reviewed at regular intervals (annually, or sooner if required)
- Metadata Generated:Build metadata (e.g. dependencies, build process, build environment) is either generated by the build service, or by a build-metadata generator that reads the build service
- Integrated with development cycle:At my company, the software-security protocol is seamlessly built into our development process
- Standard process across projects: At my company, we have a standardized process for addressing software security across projects
- Monitor security reports:We have ongoing efforts to monitor information coming from public sources regarding possible vulnerabilities in the software we use and its third-party components
- Have necessary tools: I have access to the necessary tooling to execute security tests












